include a note about the collector image for the operator (#6780)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/platforms/kubernetes/operator/_index.md

EOF
```

> > [!NOTE] By default the opentelemetry-operator uses the
> > [opentelemetry-collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector)
> > image. If the operator is installed via
> > [the helm-chart](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/tree/main/charts/opentelemetry-operator),
> > the default image is
> > [opentelemetry-collector-k8s](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector-k8s).
> > If you need a component not found in those releases, it's recommended to build
> > your own collector, instructions
> > [here](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/custom-collector/).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert color="primary" title="NOTE" %}}
By default the opentelemetry-operator uses the
[opentelemetry-collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector)
image. If the operator is installed using
[the Helm chart](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/tree/main/charts/opentelemetry-operator),
the default image is
[opentelemetry-collector-k8s](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector-k8s).
If you need a component not found in those releases, it's recommended to build
your own collector. See [Building a custom collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/custom-collector/).
{{% /alert %}}
```

EOF
```

{{% alert color="primary" title="NOTE" %}}

By default the opentelemetry-operator uses the
[opentelemetry-collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector)
image. If the operator is installed using

> [the Helm chart](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/tree/main/charts/opentelemetry-operator),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Helm charts](../heml/),
```

> the default image is
> [opentelemetry-collector-k8s](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector-k8s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the [`opentelemetry-collector-k8s` image](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/pkgs/container/opentelemetry-collector-releases%2Fopentelemetry-collector-k8s) is used.
```

> If you need a component not found in those releases, it's recommended to build
> your own collector. See
> [Building a custom collector](/docs/collector/custom-collector/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need a component not found in these releases, you may need to
[build your own collector](/docs/collector/custom-collector/).
```
